Docs: Add patch filtering tutorial (#953)
CAREamics/careamics-restoration: docs/tutorials/patch_filtering.md

# Patch Filtering

Patch filtering is useful if your data contains large areas with no signal. These areas can be filtered from the training process which can speed up the convergence of the model.

### How does it work?

CAREamics will perform a first pass through all the data before training starts to determine regions of background and regions of signal. Background regions will not be completely be excluded from training, instead their probability of being selected during an epoch will be reduced.

There are two options for the filtering function, either:

- [pre-computed masks](#pre-computed-masks) can be provided, or
- one of the [built-in filtering functions](#filtering-functions) can be selected and parametrized.

## Pre-computed masks

Using precomputed masks is relatively simple, the masks in the same format as the data — either as an array or saved in files — can be provided during training.

=== "Noise2Void"
    
    ```python title="Specifying a mask for Noise2Void training"
    --8<-- "current/careamist_training.py:train_n2v_mask"
    ```
 
    1. The mask is passed alongside the data.

> === "CARE/N2N"

Reviewer: Is there a reason to showcase both N2V and CARE? Limiting ourselves to one will reduce the amount of code snippets to maintain.

I think for tutorial it would be ok.

Author: Yeah I just copy and pasted this from somewhere else ahah, I can remove

Author: Oh actually also it reuses snippets from the training guide

Reviewer: ok, fine by me!

    ```python title="Specifying a mask for CARE training"
    --8<-- "current/careamist_training.py:train_care_mask"
    ```
    
    1. The mask is passed alongside the data.

!!! note "What is masked?"

    The mask is a binary set of images with the same size as the training data and
    should have value `1` for pixels that should be included in the training and `0`
    for pixels that should be excluded.

## Filtering functions

> CAREamics has 3 built-in filtering functions, which work by filtering by thresholding different metrics:

Reviewer: Sentence a bit hard to read: 
```suggestion
CAREamics has 3 built-in filtering functions, which work by filtering out patches using thresholds on different metrics:
```
